No, it's impossible.
You used to be a poor student.
Nothing stays the same
You have your own destiny.
Ye Meng, when everyone is moving forward
Only you stay put
Have that unrealistic dream
You lied to me again.
Lying bitch I killed your mouth
You fucking beard
What do you believe when I say
You're a fucking fool
I should be deceived, shut the fuck up
Let me tell you something else.
To protect my child
Killed your own flesh and blood
Shishi, the child is not yours
What are you, a green-haired ghost?
Hurry up my god ahhh
Ah, take the sleeves down
I'll kill you!
Sorry for the joke.
Now our dinner continues
Regarding business cooperation
If everyone has a good project
You can bring the plan to my night market for negotiation.
I, Ye Qiuyan
Guaranteed absolute salary
I have a project I'd like to talk to you about right now
You said this project was important
It's about life.
What player?
Would you like to try with me?